hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I want
to share with you a recipe for what I
call like french fried onions or just
fried onion strings now I know I made
onion rings here not too long ago but I
wanted to share this recipe with you
because it's really really easy and
because Thanksgiving is right around the
corner if you know know that in America
here we love our green bean casserole
and most people top it with those french
fried onions that come in a can um I
think it's my control freakiness that
comes out when I have to make them from
scratch because I don't like using a lot
of things out of cans and in french
fried onions are one of those things I
love to make it home and they're so easy
you'll need some onions of course you'll
need some whole milk and then just some
flour with some salt black pepper
granulated onion and paprika and some
vegetable oil for frying that's it
they're really simple they're really
easy but I figured I'll share it with
you because I am going to be showing you
a recipe for my green bean casserole
here very soon and I'm gonna top it with
homemade french fried onions and I know
a lot of people ask me for the recipe so
I figured I might as well now normally
you use one or two really big onions I
don't have any really big onions so I'm
just using biggest onions I have and
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna cut the
top and bottom and then just get rid of
the very first layer and now I know most
people use buttermilk and I use
buttermilk when I make my onion rings
but the point about these for me is that
they're so thin and they hardly had any
real thick coating on them keeping them
super super crispy and I feel like
buttermilk it's too thick and it coats
the onions too much it's just my
thinking well what I'm gonna do is
thinly slice these onions I want these
onions to be as thin as I possibly can
manage that's just because that's how I
like them
that's how they should be they don't
have to be perfectly round that you just
wanted to be as thin as you can manage I
don't really use a mandolin I really
find mandolins to be really dangerous I
did caught myself once I cut off a good
chunk of my my thumb so I haven't really
used one since so I just say get
as you can with your knife do you best
as you can see I went kind of on an
angle here a little bit to get some
thinner strips I'm only gonna do one
threaten it today just because there's
not many and I'm I'm really upset right
now
onions always make me cry I can't help
it the key is to really go at them as
thin as you can and then I just take my
little rounds and I kind of make a
little slit in them like this so that
when they fry it's just a whole lovely
thin string of goodness and now I'm
going to cover these with some milk just
whole milk and these are going to sit in
the milk for about an hour or so and
then when there's already I will show
you the next my onions have been soaking
for about an hour I've got some
vegetable oil up to 375 degrees in a
little pot here and now I'm gonna do is
just stir my flour together with my
paprika and my onion powder now I wanted
to add onion powder especially in this
because I feel like when you taste those
french fried onions you really taste
like onions and I want to kind of get
you know it's like a hum on the back of
the back of your mouth when you're
tasting this because they're soaked in
milk so a lot of the onion flavor does
come out but trust me when I tell you
these are going to be fantastic so now
I'm going to do now is I'm gonna do this
a few at a time I also have a plate here
with some paper towel just to catch when
I put them on I don't want any of the
oil and I just take a few out of time
and as you can see they're not sort of
heavily heavily coated so just lightly
coated put that into my hot oil and let
those cook for a few minutes and so
they're really nice and crispy and then
when they are done that will take no
time and when they're ready just put
them all on your paper towel lines plate
and just keep on going last batch and of
course I know I don't have to tell you
that we've already been snacking on them
they're so good that's the thing about
when you're working with fried food
which is why I do not do it very often
at all you tend to never
leave the scene of the crime I mean you
just stand right here and just pick and
pick and pick but that's at its best
when they had it comes out of the fryer
the frying oil I'm gonna make sure you
season them some salt as soon as they
come out of the oil and taste this one
down here come on phenomenal you're
delicious crispy to the max they don't
have a very strong onion flavor which is
fabulous if you don't really like that
strong flavor but these are gonna be
perfect as is to munch on too on top of
my homemade green bean casserole
it is out-of-this-world delicious put a
Laura in the kitchen on complicate this
recipe I hope you enjoy spending time
with me and I will see you next time
okay
you